Welcome to a new course section. This course section is about pipes and let's start with the most important
question first, what are pipes? Pipes are a feature built into Angular 2 which basically allows you to
transform output in your template.
This is the main purpose of a pipe,
it transforms some output.
Now there are pipes for different types of output and also for synchronous and asynchronous data,
we will have a look at this throughout the course,
the general theme is always the same though.
A basic example would be the following,
you have a username, that's a property in your component,
for example here it holds a string, Max.
Now you want to output that username in your template and for this you probably use string interpolation
as you learned it throughout the course.
Now that's all right but then you decide it would be nice if the output which is Max
if you do it like this, would be all uppercase but only when you output it.
So you don't want to change the property itself to uppercase because imagine you use that throughout your code
and it should still be as you assigned it up there
but you want to transform the way it is displayed
once you render it to the screen.
Now for this, you could use a pipe, namely the uppercase pipe,
this actually would be a built-in pipe and we will have a look at the built-in pipes in a second.
Now with that built-in pipe in use, you would now see Max, all uppercase being printed to the screen
because this is what this pipe does,
it transforms the value.
Now that is the main purpose of pipes, transforming values,
let's dive into them a bit more,
let's view some of the built-in pipes and then let's also build our own pipes.
Let's go.